Come back in this video I would like to quickly go through the answers of the last quiz.
So the first Tasco question was How do you integrate Pender's module and you have a which says import
Pender's penetrate import import Pena's from zoo and import pandas but with plenty of underscores surrounding
it.
So the correct answer is A.
Import pandas.
And if we look at the other possible answers so Panoz that import that we're called the import function
from the pondus module then import Ponder's from zoo that would import the Pender's module which is
a part module from the zoo.
So that's not specifically what we want and I want is a chance some jibberish doesn't make sense.
So let's have a look at tusked too.
How do you call the readout or root underscores C is the function from the pandas module.
After you have included the whole module with the import function.
Ok so we have the whole module that contains this Ponder's read C as we find.
Now the first one is incorrect because that's calling the read to read underscores is the function.
But the problem here is that it's just having a parameter here and we don't specifically say that we
call the read underscores is the function from the Pender's import for Pandamonium then B is also Penner's
that Penders.
Well there would be a module called Penders which has another module in it called Pender's which then
has this function called read on the Scorsese be so incorrect as well.
C is completely incorrect.
So the correct answer is the way you just use the module name and then the function that we would like
to use.
So we can go ahead and say the right solution is D.
So now which command do you need to include the panel's module to use to read on the Scorsese V and
read underscore ex-SO functions directly from the module like any function in standard python can call.
So there are multiple different approaches here and only one of them is correct so the first one says
from Pandurs import with underscores VI and then also the brackets.
Same for the Exel.
Then we have to be without it.
And B is actually the correct answer.
So in this case we will try to call this function.
Same here in this case we actually import only those functions from that particular module.
So this one here is not working at all.
So C is completely incorrect and the same goes for D where we just say ok.
Import Penasco routines we come to import panels to create an axle.
So the correct one is B.
Now let's have a look at the last task how can you include the more your Ponder's and renamed handle
names so that you can use an abbreviation for example PD instead of the module.
So import pand us and then PD.
Well that would be a call of a function.
So that's incorrect with this PD paramita or argument.
In this case.
So that's definitely incorrect.
Then the next one.
Well that is incorrect as well.
So the correct answer is C where we are actually saying OK I want to import Pandurs and I would like
to use it as PD So I want to whenever I need to call it I want to state something like Piddy my function
something like that.
So I could call it like this.
So the correct answer is C..
All right.
So I hope you manage to get all the answers correctly in the next video we're going to check out.
Another example for the modules so see you there.